well now let's start with the
connections
tutorials that we are going to do now of
this guy first start doing
connections with
rca cables with coaxial cables with
component cables hdmi dvi vga cables
connecting for example how would it be now
Cablevision is the first thing I
it happened so well let's start
with the basics that it would be to connect it via
desired
the grace is this cable d
like antenna casting the cable forgiveness
spraying us coaxial cable
as also known as antenna
how good are we going to start this cable that
Have you got our car as a box or
receiver is a cable that already comes from
our service d
pay television
it is in that the signal is in
that is going to enter this receiver and is and
we from this receiver are going to have
to get the signal to a television
call yourself any kind of receiver
of transmitter forgiveness has a
television a monitor up to a
recorder and then we're always going to
have to connect the one that goes to the TV
output that is out
if you have a little trouble
introduce this cable
I recommend you buy another cable not
I remember the name I will see if I
I met him at a fair
of technology that nothing else is you
they take out this do not go do not put it in and give a
click and it's all
now let's connect our little box
we turn it around and we're going to connect it
here in which
and in the same way the cable that I tell you
in addition it is likewise in the
two extremes
if you were to break the
cable or head
try to change it by talking to your
pay television pay system
so that those who change them but
also they are understanding they can not click
It is very difficult because obviously buying
the cable in the cutter and the puncture
now here we see is already
we're going to have to put it on channel 3
on TV or on the air depending on the
TV you would like
next me good antenna on channel 3
one gains 4 which is the channel that the
program you
and well now let's try the
rca cable which is our colors